Separate ACS and CPS dataset descriptions and remove redundant table (#125)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/datasets/index.rst

       White; Black; Latino; American Indian and Alaskan Native (AIAN); Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander (NHOPI); and
       Multiracial or Some Other Race. 

American Community Survey (ACS)
-------------------------------
ACS is one of two household surveys that can currently be simulated using Pseudopeople. ACS is an ongoing household survey conducted by the US Census
Bureau that gathers information on a rolling basis about American community populations. Information collected includes ancestry, citizenship,
education, income, language proficienccy, migration, employment, disability, and housing characteristics. To find out more about ACS, please
visit the `ACS homepage <https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/acs/about.html>`_.

Generate ACS data with :func:`pseudopeople.interface.generate_american_community_survey`

> The following columns are included in these datasets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following columns are included in this dataset:
```

     - :code:`city`    
     - 
   * - Physical address state
     - :code:`state`  
     - 
   * - Physical address ZIP code
     - :code:`zipcode`
     - 
   * - Sex 
     - :code:`sex`  
     - Binary; "male" or "female"
   * - Race/ethnicity
     - :code:`race_ethnicity` 
     - The exhaustive and mutually exclusive categories for the single composite "race/ethnicity" indicator are as follows:
       White; Black; Latino; American Indian and Alaskan Native (AIAN); Asian; Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander (NHOPI); and
       Multiracial or Some Other Race.  

Current Population Survey (CPS)
-------------------------------
CPS is another household survey that can be simulated using Pseudopeople. CPS is conducted jointly by the US Census Bureau and the US 
Bureau of Labor Statistics. CPS collects labor force data, such as annual work activity and income, veteran status, school enrollment, 
contingent employment, worker displacement, job tenure, and more. To find out more about CPS, please visit the 
`CPS homepage <https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/cps.html>`_. 

Generate CPS data with :func:`pseudopeople.interface.generate_current_population_survey`

> The following columns are included in these datasets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following columns are included in this dataset:
```
